We managed to fetch recipes.
But of course we also want to store them.
So for that let's head back to the side effects to the recipe effect file.
And here let's now create a new side effect for storing recipes.
So add at effect and I'll name it recipes store because here we had recipe fetch I want to check my
actions to see if the tie is of type recipe actions.
Store recipes if that is the case then I want to do something I normally call switch map here to then
use the action.
And in this case I store my recipes however for storing the recipes I need to get my array of recipes
and data is stored in my state here.
So I need access to my state inside the side effect and there's a super neat way of getting this access
or add a new operator which is called with latest from.
So unlock it by adding this import and now will change this.
Operator offer of type with latest from this now allows me to combine the value I get here from of type
which is the action with another observables value.
So the value number absorbable spits out.
And in this case I want to get the value from my store so I will inject the store here of type store.
Make sure to add the import from it NDR X store and make sure to import as from recipe your state.
So from store recipe reducers so that we can set the State of the store here.
It's from recipe and they are to feature state now here with latest from Takes an observable.
So it's this store select recipes because it's this slice which keep in mind returns and absorbable.
I want to combine with the action sauted in switch map I actually get an array which as a first element
will have an action because that's the value of this operator.
And then we combine it with the value of dis absorbable which will be my state.
So this is what I get and what I can work with.
And now all I can do is here I can go back to my data storage service and copy the set up here where
we want to store data.
So back in recipe facts I'll put this in here.
I need to import HTP request here.
That's just a number object from the angular common HTP package.
So make sure to add this to the import HTP request and add it now here I configure my request do you
are Elazar right.
However here I don't get my recipes like this.
Instead I ex-state and their recipes.
That is why I add at the state like this.
Now I get my recipes are conveniently like this and I return the send request.
Now in the end here I don't want to do anything else after this.
So I will set this patch to false here.
And with that let's see if this works as expected.
For that I need to go to the hetero component and in on save data I will simply say this store dispatch
new recipe actions and then store recipes.
And I don't need to pass a payload here so let's save this.
Let's see if it works.
If I do log in and now click or go to recipe's maybe and then I'll save data that looks OK looks alright
to me.
Let's now see if it really did work.
If I delete a recipe here the quick fetch get them back.
And if I delete this recipe too.
And now click save.
And now I will load the lock bag in and if I now fetch it it should only give me one.
So let's fetch data and this works.
So saving and fetching works all fruit.
Enjoy your X now.
This has a huge application.
We can clean up our project Let's do this next.